fix expressions and schedules for MFA100 policy (#1130)
utelecon/utelecon.github.io: src/pages/en/notice/2024/mfa100-schedule.md

---

<p style="text-align: right">

> Executive Vice President in charge of Information

Reviewer: 日本語だと「（教育・情報担当）」とありますが、英語は "Information" のみで正しいでしょうか？

Author: 例えば、[以前の太田先生も「理事・副学長  (教育、情報)」でした](https://warp.ndl.go.jp/info:ndljp/pid/12315533/www.u-tokyo.ac.jp/ja/about/overview/b02_02.html)が、“Executive Vice President in charge of Information”で通っていたと思います。

- ~~Step 3: In the next stage, **almost all information systems except for UTAS and the new learning management system "UTokyo LMS (UTOL)"** will require MFA.  We are planning to do it around **May 2024**, but the exact schedule will be determined by assessing the situation carefully, particularly regarding the progress on student usage, to ensure smooth transition.~~
  - ~~Specifically, among the information systems marked with "○" in the [UTokyo Account Service Directory](https://login.adm.u-tokyo.ac.jp/utokyoaccount/), all systems except for UTAS and UTOL will be subject to this requirement. Please note that **ECCS Cloud Email (Google Workspace) is also included** in this category following [the system changes implemented on February 20](https://www.ecc.u-tokyo.ac.jp/en/announcement/2024/02/08_3611.html).~~
- ~~Step 4: Finally, **UTAS** and **UTOL** will also require MFA.  It will happen around **June 2024**, but again, the exact schedule will be determined by assessing the progress to ensure smooth transition.~~

> - **Added August 2024:** Although we had planned to take action around May-June 2024 to disable almost all information systems, including the academic affairs system “UTAS” and the learning management system　“UTOL”, for those who do not use multi-factor authentication, we have decided not to do so at this time. However, we still recognize that **the use of multi-factor authentication is mandatory for all UTokyo Account users**.

Reviewer: ニュアンス的に状況の更新と言う意味合いかなと思うので
```suggestion
- **Updated in August 2024**: Although we had planned to take action around May-June 2024 to disable almost all information systems, including the academic affairs system “UTAS” and the learning management system　“UTOL”, for those who do not use multi-factor authentication, we have decided not to do so at this time. However, we still recognize that **the use of multi-factor authentication is mandatory for all UTokyo Account users**.
```
